Add information about Terminus 7.1.0 and add TypeOrm Health Indicator docs (#1712)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/recipes/terminus.md

> info **Info** It is highly recommended to enable shutdown hooks in your application. The Terminus integration makes use of this lifecycle event if enabled. Read more about shutdown hooks [here](fundamentals/lifecycle-events#application-shutdown).

> #### Http Healthcheck

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### HTTP Healthcheck
```

| `error`   | Object containing information of each health indicator which is of status `'down'`, or in other words "unhealthy".                                                                          | `object`                             |
| `details` | Object containing all information of each health indicator                                                                                                                                  | `object`                             |

#### TypeOrm health indicator

Terminus offers the capability to add database checks to your health check. In order to get started with this health indicator, you

> should check out the [Database chapter](/techniques/sql) and make sure your database connection within your NestJS application is established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should check out the [Database chapter](/techniques/sql) and make sure your database connection within your application is established.
```

```typescript
@@filename(health.controller)
@Controller('health')
export class HealthController {
  constructor(
    private health: HealthCheckService,
    private db: TypeOrmHealthIndicator,
  ) {}

  @Get()
  @HealthCheck()
  check() {
    return this.health.check([
      () => this.db.pingCheck('database'),
    ]);
  }
}
@@switch
@Controller('health')
@Dependencies(HealthCheckService, TypeOrmHealthIndicator)
export class HealthController {
  constructor(
    private health,
    private db,
  ) { }

  @Get()
  @HealthCheck()
  healthCheck() {
    return this.health.check([
      async () => this.db.pingCheck('database'),
    ])
  }
}
```

If your database is reachable, you should now see the following JSON-result when requesting `http://localhost:3000` with a `GET` request:

```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  "info": {
    "database": {
      "status": "up"
    }
  },
  "error": {},
  "details": {
    "database": {
      "status": "up"
    }
  }
}
```

> 
> ##### Multiple database connections
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ##### Mutlible Database connection 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Multiple Database connections
```

> ##### Multiple Database connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Multiple database connections
```

> In case you are using [multiple databases within your NestJS application](techniques/database#multiple-databases) you need to inject each
> of the connections into your `HealthController`. You can then simply pass the connection to the `TypeOrmHealthIndicator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case your app uses [multiple databases](techniques/database#multiple-databases), you need to inject each
connection into your `HealthController`. Then, you can simply pass the connection reference to the `TypeOrmHealthIndicator`.
```

```typescript
@@filename(health.controller)
@Controller('health')
export class HealthController {
  constructor(
    private health: HealthCheckService,
    private db: TypeOrmHealthIndicator,

>     @InjectionConnection('albumsConnection')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @InjectConnection('albumsConnection')
```
